Update an example to use .animate instead of ApplyMethod (#1880)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/tutorials/building_blocks.rst

Any property of a mobject that can be changed can be animated.  In fact, any
method that changes a mobject's property can be used as an animation, through
the use of :meth:`.animate`.

.. manim:: AnimateExample
    :ref_classes: Animation

    class AnimateExample(Scene):
        def construct(self):
            square = Square().set_fill(RED, opacity=1.0)
            self.add(square)

            # animate the change of color

>             self.play(square.animate().set_fill(WHITE))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            self.play(square.animate.set_fill(WHITE))
```

            self.wait(1)

            # animate the change of position and the rotation at the same time

>             self.play(square.animate().shift(UP).rotate(PI / 2))

Reviewer 2: Currently, the rotation isn't visible, this should fix the issue.
```suggestion
            self.play(square.animate().shift(UP).rotate(PI / 3))
```

>             self.play(square.animate().shift(UP).rotate(PI / 3))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            self.play(square.animate.shift(UP).rotate(PI / 3))
```

            self.wait(1)

> :meth:`.animate` is a method of mobjects that will animate the function comes
> afterward.  For example, :code:`square.set_fill(WHITE)` sets the fill color of

Reviewer 2: **(suggestion)**: more accurate terminoloy + grammar
```suggestion
:meth:`.animate` is a method of mobjects that will animate methods that come
afterward. For example, :code:`square.set_fill(WHITE)` sets the fill color of
```

Author: Thanks!  I have revised the explanation accordingly in the commit 329717a.  
Regarding the chained example, in the end I put it in "Animating methods" instead of "Animation run time" since the later one seems focusing on the run time only.

> :meth:`.animate` is a method of mobjects that will animate methods that come 
> afterward. For example, :code:`square.set_fill(WHITE)` sets the fill color of
> the square, while :code:`sqaure.animate().set_fill(WHITE)` animates this action.

Reviewer 2: some rewording to make it feel more natural 🤔
```suggestion
:meth:`.animate` is a property of all mobjects that animates the methods that come 
afterward. For example, :code:`square.set_fill(WHITE)` sets the fill color of
the square, while :code:`sqaure.animate().set_fill(WHITE)` animates this action.
```

> the square, while :code:`sqaure.animate().set_fill(WHITE)` animates this action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the square, while :code:`sqaure.animate.set_fill(WHITE)` animates this action.
```

.. manim:: RunTime

    class RunTime(Scene):
        def construct(self):
            square = Square()
            self.add(square)

>             self.play(square.animate().shift(UP), run_time=3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            self.play(square.animate.shift(UP), run_time=3)
```

       def construct(self):
           square = Square()
           self.add(square)

> 	   self.play(square.animate().shift(UP), run_time=3)

Reviewer: For some reason this also works, but I think we should at least have consistent indentation within an example.

Author: I accidentally made a mixed use of tab and spaces.  I have fixed it.  Sorry about that.
